So with us a training is a hairdresser
Do not just wash your hair
and blow dry but you get one
complete insight already directly into the
beauty area skincare in macon
Design of faces and of
manicure on special hair baths or
body treatments depending on where
You can cover that - has
the beautiful with us so if you in the
training has become pretty quick
built with the head massages that the
custom love my head massages and
So I already have regular customers
we call everybody yes they like it then
Also like a head massage from the
salome so the book me almost equal
also
so I'm unlikely to do much
fun to color
to change the color and do it
just huge fun when you are there
just let off steam and the customer
finally satisfied at home
may send
I like it especially the people
to make happy and see them
just with a smile from the salon
come and it is even more beautiful then
of course if they come back then me
tell how satisfied they were
I already said that for the make up
area responsible this is my colleague
foot up the other prune
So we do everything but men
anyway, if you have one
specialization and can then do so
of course, work great together
it's really every day is the new
what we can and can do and the
Customers trust us so much that it does
it is especially nice to new
to be creative
i have my own customer at the
cash on the phone make appointments
actually the complete program
I am responsible for the orders
that also gives me a great feeling that
I answer because that's for
me so the most important thing
I clearly say that hairdressers do not
just wash and blow dry it is
often enter the people
to realize his needs that you
get more with me than new ones
haircut a nice color for that
you can get over them but you
we can be served more exclusively
it's just a philosophy you get
puts
we do not just look at the hair but
we make a beautiful skin we do
a nice make-up that the scalp in
order and styling needs
in the end perfect and get that
we go all in the salon